2.x Add documentation for new Pages Menu API (#2254)
timber/timber: docs/upgrade-guides/2.0.md

$menu = Timber::get_menu( 'primary' );
```

#### The Pages Menu

> If you didn’t provide a parameter and didn’t have any menus registered, Timber would build **a menu from your existing pages**. This still works, but you have to use the new `Timber::get_pages_menu()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, if you didn’t provide a parameter to `Timber\Menu()` and didn’t have any menus registered, Timber would build **a menu from your existing pages**. To achieve this same functionality, you must now use the new `Timber::get_pages_menu()` function.
```

**Old**

```php
$menu = new Timber\Menu();
```

**New**

```php
$menu = Timber::get_pages_menu();

> ```

Reviewer 2: It's probably worth noting specifically that calling `Timber::get_menu()` without arguments will return `false` if there are no menus set up.

Author: Added in bb2fafe795b81826ff87d2b4bdc1512e567aeda3 👍
